1. In this assignment I suggested you use `fgets()` to get user input in the main while loop. Why is `fgets()` a good choice for this application?

    fgets() is the best choice for this application for several reasons, primarily because it loops until it detects newline or EOF. It easily detects newline and exits safely without improperly ending at space characters like sccanf() does.

2. You needed to use `malloc()` to allocte memory for `cmd_buff` in `dsh_cli.c`. Can you explain why you needed to do that, instead of allocating a fixed-size array?

    Using malloc instead of a fixed-size array allows us to use memory from the heap. A shell which continuosuly runs requires more space so allocating memory from the heap is much better choice. Also, because the nature of the shell is constantly running until it exits, 
    memory needs to remain allocated until it is no longer needed (exits) and can be freed directly. Also because each token requires a different buffer size, diffeerent commands and args can be resized explicitly in future renditions of the shell. 

3. In `dshlib.c`, the function `build_cmd_list(`)` must trim leading and trailing spaces from each command before storing it. Why is this necessary? If we didn't trim spaces, what kind of issues might arise when executing commands in our shell?

    Trimming spaces is required for proper command handling. Separation of arguments would be unstandardized leading to misinterpretations by the shell. Possible errors include reading commands separately between pipes if the spacing is off.

4. For this question you need to do some research on STDIN, STDOUT, and STDERR in Linux. We've learned this week that shells are "robust brokers of input and output". Google _"linux shell stdin stdout stderr explained"_ to get started.

- One topic you should have found information on is "redirection". Please provide at least 3 redirection examples that we should implement in our custom shell, and explain what challenges we might have implementing them.

    > and >> should be implemented for overwriting and appending output. This could be challenging if multiple > are used in the same line due to having to keep track of stdOUT of multiple versions. 
    < should be implemented for input redirection. StdIN from a file must be checked for permissions before it can be read properly. 
    2> needs to be implemented to redirect StdERROR. We need to be sure to return stdERROR to a default state after redirecting it, otherwise it could interfere with futture redirections.

- You should have also learned about "pipes". Redirection and piping both involve controlling input and output in the shell, but they serve different purposes. Explain the key differences between redirection and piping.

    Redirection connects output from a command to a file or file to a command if stdIn. Piping connects one or more commands together which processes multiple commands in a single line.

- STDERR is often used for error messages, while STDOUT is for regular output. Why is it important to keep these separate in a shell?

    Without keeping them seperate, there is no way to distinguish valid output and error cases where processes are terminated.

- How should our custom shell handle errors from commands that fail? Consider cases where a command outputs both STDOUT and STDERR. Should we provide a way to merge them, and if so, how?

    Commands that fail should direct output to StdERROR to a designated file. Cases where valid outputs occur alongside an error message to StdERROR should be merged to a seperate file
    designated for error handling. 
